docs: Added documentation for fastIntervalSearch setting (#19861)
druid-io/druid: docs/configuration/index.md

Note that if `druid.segmentCache.numLoadingThreads` > 1, multiple threads can download different segments at the same time. In this case, with the `leastBytesUsed` strategy or `mostAvailableSize` strategy, Historicals may select a sub-optimal storage location because each decision is based on a snapshot of the storage location status of when a segment is requested to download.

#### Loading segments

> | Property                  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Default |
> |---------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------|

Reviewer: Druid docs generally avoid the extra hyphens and spaces.

```suggestion
| Property | Description | Default |
|----------|-------------|--------|
```

> | `druid.segment.timeline.fastIntervalSearch` | Segment metadata is loaded into memory by the Historical services to serve segments. This setting enables an index based on interval trees to store that metadata in memory for faster identification and retrieval. Set it to true to speed up loading and searching of segments. | false |

Reviewer: Slightly reworded.

```suggestion
| `druid.segment.timeline.fastIntervalSearch` | (Experimental) Boolean flag to enable faster searches in the segment timeline maintained in the Historical memory. The segment timeline uses an [Interval Tree](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Interval_tree)-based structure to speed up loading and searching of segments. | false |
```

> | `druid.segment.timeline.fastIntervalSearch` | Segment metadata is loaded into memory by the Historical services to serve segments. This setting enables an index based on interval trees to store that metadata in memory for faster identification and retrieval. Set it to true to speed up loading and searching of segments. | false |

Reviewer: Isn't this config applicable to Brokers as well?

Author: Theoretically it should be, do brokers use VersionedIntervalTimeline today for keeping track of all the segment metadata.

> | `druid.segment.timeline.fastIntervalSearch` | Segment metadata is loaded into memory by the Historical services for serving the segments. This setting enables the use of an index based on Interval trees to store this metadata in memory for faster identification and retrieval. Set it to true to speed up loading and searching of segments. | false |

Reviewer 2: @pirvtech  is there any additional overhead from using interval trees on the write side (updates on the timeline) or any space overhead?

If it's not significant, is there any harm in enabling this feature by default so most users would benefit out of the box?

Author: There isn't any significant overheard to using the interval tree over the TreeMap used earlier. Since it is a new feature, I suppose the reviewer wanted it to marinate for some time before making it the default.

> | `druid.segment.timeline.fastIntervalSearch` | Segment metadata is loaded into memory by the Historical services for serving the segments. This setting enables the use of an index based on Interval trees to store this metadata in memory for faster identification and retrieval. Set it to true to speed up loading and searching of segments. | false |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `druid.segment.timeline.fastIntervalSearch` | Segment metadata is loaded into memory by the Historical services to serve segments. This setting enables an index based on interval trees to store that metadata in memory for faster identification
  and retrieval of segments. Set it to true to speed up loading and searching of segments. | false |
```

Author: Updated
